README.md, before:

# The 3rd uTube (ut3) CDN
**What's here?**

- [TallerThanShort](https://github.com/TallerThanShort)'s CDN (this also just so happens to be the 3rd uTube CDN)
- [CKStudios2018](https://github.com/CKStudios2018)'s [OpenSource-uTube](https://ckstudios2018.github.io/OpenSource-uTube/) Profiles, Banners and Thumbnails

**What else is here?**

- [Bottom](https://TallerThanShort.github.io/bottombots)'s Default Images (basically the site's logo is here)
- [Crispy](https://crispychat.tech) and [Crispy-Nightly](https://nightly.crispychat.tech/)'s Default Images (basically the site's logo is here)

# Bottom
So, you just came across this repo/website. gg. Y'know what? It doesn't matter.

# uTube
## **If you are a uTube Channel Holder:**

You can make a fork of [this repo](https://github.com/TallerThanShort/ut3.ggpht/fork) and add your own content in `/thumbs`. Then you can make a pull request [here](https://github.com/TallerThanShort/ut3.ggpht/pulls), and after verifying it, it will get published. Make sure to label it according to our standards (_example: channelabbr_xxxx.png (CKS_0002.png)_).

You can also update your pfp on [OpenSource-uTube](https://ckstudios2018.github.io/OpenSource-uTube/) by changing your corresponding pfp in `/icons`. **Make sure the new image title and format match the old one.**

_example: XrIQDlLa33ikC1hUg-ypolNZWLk9i4JXMrh330LvU9.png must be updated with the same file name (only replacing the image)_

## All images must be `png` format!
## We DO NOT TOLERATE Unsolicited Banner Updates
## **If you are *not* a uTube Channel Holder:**

Feel free to join the [Discord](https://discord.gg/fArH9rD) to get the chance to become one.

Commit message:

updates to the image host

README.md, after:

# The 3rd uTube (ut3) Image Host
**What's here?**

- [TallerThanShort](https://github.com/TallerThanShort)'s Image Host
- [CKStudios2018](https://github.com/CKStudios2018)'s [OpenSource-uTube](https://ckstudios2018.github.io/OpenSource-uTube/) Profiles, Banners and Thumbnails
- [uTube](https://common-codes.github.io/uTube)'s Logo is also stored here

**What else is here?**

- [Bottom](https://TallerThanShort.github.io/bottombots)'s Default Images (basically the site's logo is here)
- [Crispy](https://crispychat.tech) and [Crispy-Nightly](https://nightly.crispychat.tech/)'s Default Images (basically the site's logo is here)

# Bottom
So, you just came across this repo/website. gg. Y'know what? It doesn't matter.

# uTube
## **If you are a uTube Channel Holder:**

You can update your pfp on [OpenSource-uTube](https://common-codes.github.io/uTube/) by changing your corresponding pfp in `/icons`. **Make sure the new image title and format match the old one.**

_example: [XrIQDlLa33ikC1hUg-ypolNZWLk9i4JXMrh330LvU9.png](https://TallerThanShort.github.io/ut3.ggpht/icons/XrIQDlLa33ikC1hUg-ypolNZWLk9i4JXMrh330LvU9.png) must be updated with the same file name (only replacing the image)_

## All icons and banners **must be** `.png` format!
## We DO NOT TOLERATE Unsolicited Banner Updates
However, feel free to add some banners. We are always open to new banner suggestions.
